Feature/new brand (#2644)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/legal-notices/copyright.md

  - terms_conditions
---

> This content applies to the Cumulocity SaaS cloud deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This content applies to the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} SaaS cloud deployments.
```
